samples: tfm_integration: use zephyr:code-sample directive (#78301)
zephyrproject-rtos/zephyr: samples/tfm_integration/tfm_ipc/README.rst

.. zephyr:code-sample:: tfm_ipc
   :name: TF-M IPC

>    Implement communication between trusted and non-trusted applications using Trusted Firmware-M
>    IPC.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Implement communication between the secure and the non-secure images using IPC.
```
